33.	Write a program to demonstrate functionalities of this keyword in java. 

34.	Create a class Circle that has two data members, one to store the radius and another to store area and 
	three methods first init() method to input radius from user, second calculateArea() method to calculate
	area of circle and third display() method to display values of radius and area. Create class CircleDemo 
	( main class) that creates the Circle object and calls init(), calculateArea() and display() methods.

35.	Create a class MathOperation that has four static methods. add() method that takes two integer numbers
	as parameter and returns the sum of the numbers. subtract() method that takes two integer numbers as 
	parameter and returns the difference of the numbers. multiply() method that takes two integer numbers
	as parameter and returns the product. power() method that takes two integer numbers as parameter and 
	returns the power of first number to second number. Create another class Demo (main class) that takes 
	the two numbers from the user and calls all four methods of MathOperation class by providing entered 
	numbers and prints the return values of every method.

36.	Create a class MathOperation containing overloaded methods ‘multiply’ to calculate multiplication of following arguments. 
	a.	 two integers 
	b.	 three floats 
	c.	 all elements of array 
	d.	one double and one integer 

37.	Create a class Person with properties (name and age) with following features. 
	a.	Default age of person should be 18.
	b.	A person object can be initialized with name and age.
	c.	Method to display name and age of person
	Create another class PersonDemo ( main class ) that demonstrates the functionalities of Person class by creating Person object and calling methods.

38.	Create a class Employee with three data members (empNo, salary and totalSalary) and following features.
	a.	Only parameterized constructor. [Do not overload the constructor]
	b.	totalSalary always represents salary total of all the employees created.
	c.	empNo should be auto incremented.
	d.	display total employees and totalSalary using a method.
	Create another class EmployeeDemo (main class) that creates some Employee objects and calls Employee method to 
	display no. of employees and total of their salaries.

39.	Create class Product with three data members (pid, price, quantity) and parameterized constructor that takes 
	values for all three data members.  
	Create a main method in different class (say ProductDemo) and perform following task:
	a. Accept information for five Product objects from user and store objects in an array
	b. Find pid of product with highest price. 
	c. Create a static method (with array of product’s object as argument) in Product class to calculate and return 
	total amount spent on all products. ( amount spent on single product = price of product * quantity of product )

40.	Create a class Student having data members name, roll no., age and score. Write a program to accept 10 records of
	student and store them in an array. And then arrange the student records based on the score group [0-50], [50-65], [65-80], [80-100].

41.	Write a program to demonstrate this() construct functionality.

42.	Create a class Tile to store the edge length of a square tile, and create another class Floor to store length and width of a rectangular
	floor. Add method totalTiles(Tile t) in Floor class with Tile as argument to calculate the whole number of tiles needed to cover the floor completely.

43.	Create a class OneBHK with instance variables roomArea, hallArea and price. Then create default constructor that initializes
	instance variables with some values and a parameterized constructor that takes values for all instance variables and stores 
	them in instance variables. Now create a method named show()  to print OneBHK’s instance variable values.
	Create another class TwoBHK which has (inherites) all the properties and behaviors of OneBHK and a new instance variable room2Area.
	Then create default constructor to initialize all 4 instance variables and a parameterized constructor to take the values for 
	initialization of all instance variables. Override show() method to print all data member information.
	Write main method in another class (Say Demo) and store three TwoBHK flat’s information and print information using show method. Also print total amount of all flats. 
